README.md, before:

# scraper-trail

[![Rust build status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/travisbrown/scraper-trail/ci.yaml?branch=main)](https://github.com/travisbrown/scraper-trail/actions)
[![Coverage status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/travisbrown/scraper-trail/main.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/travisbrown/scraper-trail)

It's often useful to be able to save detailed information about requests and responses while developing a web scraper,
especially early in development, or for small projects.

## Context

This library was created to abstract common functionality that we had implemented in several projects.
You can see examples of its use in [this Rust library][app-store-access] for accessing and storing
data from the Google and Apple app stores, and in this [Meta Ads Archive client][meta-ads-scraper].
We are also using it in a couple of other contexts where the client software is not currently open source.

## License

This software is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3.0][gpl-v3] (GPL-3.0).

[app-store-access]: https://github.com/travisbrown/app-store-access
[gpl-v3]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html
[meta-ads-scraper]: https://github.com/travisbrown/meta-ads-scraper

Commit message:

Add information about status to README

README.md, after:

# scraper-trail

[![Rust build status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/travisbrown/scraper-trail/ci.yaml?branch=main)](https://github.com/travisbrown/scraper-trail/actions)
[![Coverage status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/travisbrown/scraper-trail/main.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/travisbrown/scraper-trail)

It's often useful to be able to save detailed information about requests and responses while developing a web scraper,
especially early in development, or for small projects.

## Context

This library was created to abstract common functionality that we had implemented in several projects.
You can see examples of its use in [this Rust library][app-store-access] for accessing and storing
data from the Google and Apple app stores, and in this [Meta Ads Archive client][meta-ads-scraper].
We are also using it in a couple of other contexts where the client software is not currently open source.

## Status

This library currently provides some basic functionality for defining bindings for API or web requests
and responses, and for storing accessed data in a format that records detailed information about requests
and responses. While it is functional in this capacity for the range of platforms we are using it to access,
future versions (possibly under a different name) are likely to include additional functionality, both on
the access side (for example authentication, error retries, scheduling) and on the storage side (indexing,
export to other platforms or formats).

## License

This software is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3.0][gpl-v3] (GPL-3.0).

[app-store-access]: https://github.com/travisbrown/app-store-access
[gpl-v3]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html
[meta-ads-scraper]: https://github.com/travisbrown/meta-ads-scraper
